the team are going to examine some
strange goings-on between the cats in
Hanover Street to see if they can
translate this language and decipher
what they're really up to
here's one cat they've been watching for
the last three weeks
Ozzy he was undisputed king of his half
of the street until Prince appeared on
the scene was he's loosing his phone and
he's very grumpy back it's a younger
male a grey cat who is a fighter his
ears knots in a few places and he
doesn't run away when was he shouts at
him the scientists didn't know why
Prince was prepared to fight for his
right to roam this particular Street so
they decided to put him under
surveillance
they asked the other owners what they
knew Dabney lives on our street doesn't
he he's on Hanah oh he had the assets
like he lives on our street I leave the
door open he'll try to break into my
house and eat the cats food they found
prints spent more time on the street
than almost any other cat definitely
recognized prudence and he's been
meowing at our door to come in a few
times Prince isn't just meowing cat
behavior expert dr. Sara Ellis has
spotted some of the other ways he's
trying to communicate he spends a lot of
time out on the street and he's very
very confident you can see how he rushed
over to the person here filming and what
he's doing here is what we call social
rule so it is a positive behavior and we
know that because the cat is exposing
its stomach it's its belly area and they
wouldn't do that if they felt very very
vulnerable if they were worried about
that person because that's their most
sensitive area and it isn't just an
exposed tummy on display Prince is also
curling the tip of his tail generally if
the cat was in a really negative state
but the whole tail would be moving and
thrashing the end of the tail is often
for example when a cat is friendly the
end of the tail will be curled round so
you'll often see the soft tip of the
tail
rumor has it that princes owner has left
him with flatmates while abroad
so his prince trying to get noticed and
find someone else to take care of him
he's been regularly coming around about
three weeks now he's sweet he's but he's
normally very vocal and he's very bold
he definitely wants to come in I feel
like he's trying to good a second home
he keep me out at the door and I think
he he knows he's pretty cat lover when
it comes down over here down here cats
like Prince are doing something
remarkable they've learned how to
communicate with people and that meows
and body language are most likely to
work and when they speak our language we
can't help but love them Jimmy is my
aristocrat she's long and elegant she's
got a touch of Siamese of Audrianna
lovely narrow little faith with lovely
little ears they're tapping into
something deep rooted within us we love
our cats because they they love her yeah
they're everything to me
she's like the last jigsaw of our family
oh and she really makes our family be
together